docs: use yarn instead of npm in contribute section (#1971)
withfig/autocomplete: README.md

**Prerequisites:**

- Download Fig for macOS

> - Node and Yarn v3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node and Yarn
```

<br/>

**Steps**

> 1. Make sure you have `yarn` v3 [installed](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install), as that's the package manager used in this repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have `yarn` [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install), as that's the package manager used in this repo. 
```
